Define when-clause clearly (#3841)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/equations.tex

\subsection{When-Equations}\label{when-equations}

> The \lstinline!when!-equations\index{when@\robustinline{when}!equation}\index{then@\robustinline{then}!when-equation@\robustinline{when}-equation}\index{elsewhen@\robustinline{elsewhen}!when-equation@\robustinline{when}-equation}, also known as \lstinline!when!-clauses, have the following syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When-clauses\index{when@\robustinline{when}!clause} refer to both \lstinline!when!-equations and \lstinline!when!-statements, \cref{when-statements}.
The \lstinline!when!-equations\index{when@\robustinline{when}!equation}\index{then@\robustinline{then}!when-equation@\robustinline{when}-equation}\index{elsewhen@\robustinline{elsewhen}!when-equation@\robustinline{when}-equation} have the following syntax:
```
I know that it should preferably be rewritten, but at least this ensures that both when-equations and when-statements are mentioned.
